+++
title = "Numerical study of acoustic radiation dynamics of a Rankine vortex"
date = "2016-06-01"
authors = ["olga_doronina", " P. A. Bakhvalov", "T. K. Kozubskaya"]
doi = "10.1134/S1063771016040060"
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Acoustical Physics"
publication_short = "Acoustical Physics"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The paper investigates a problem of sound radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex, which is important for understanding the nature of vortex flows. We present numerical simulation results for quadrupole and higher mode radiations and consider in detail the structure and dynamics of tonal acoustic radiation generated by a vortex. We also describe the transition of a Rankine vortex to a perturbed state under small external perturbation. Numerical simulations are performed using the EBR (Edge-based reconstruction) scheme implemented in NOISEtte."
abstract_short = "The paper investigates a problem of sound radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex. We consider the structure and dynamics of tonal acoustic radiation generated by a vortex in detail. We also describe the transition of a Rankine vortex to a perturbed state under small external perturbation. For numerical simulation, we use the EBR (Edge-based reconstruction) scheme implemented in NOISEtte."


# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbT9wArmaO0&t=91s"
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
The paper investigates the problem of sound radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex, which is important for understanding the nature of vortex flows and acoustic radiation generated by them. This problem is difficult to simulate numerically due to the sharp boundary between the vortex and potential flows. 

We consider quadrupole and higher mode radiation as well as the dynamics of tonal acoustic radiation generated by a perturbed vortex with a gradual transition to lower harmonics. In addition, we consider the transition of a stationary Rankine vortex to a perturbed state under small external perturbation. 

The mathematical description of the problem is based on Euler equations. Numerical simulation is performed on unstructured grids using a high accuracy EBR (Edge Based Reconstruction) scheme.

Thus, our paper aims to study the generation of acoustic radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex. In addition, we verify the possibility of correct numerical simulation for complex fundamental vortex dynamics problems. In particular, the applicability of high accuracy numerical algorithms on unstructured grids to simulate such problems.