content/authors/olga_doronina/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Olga Doronina

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- olga_doronina

# Role/position
role: PhD student

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false
# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations:
- name: University of Colorado, Boulder
  url:

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio:  Working on data-driven turbulence modeling using an Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) approach.

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "olga.doronina@colorado.edu"

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests:
- Turbulence modeling
- Machine learning
- Data analysis
- Statistics

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers

# List qualifications (such as academic degrees)
education:
  courses:
  - course: M.S./Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: University of Colorado, Boulder
    year: 2020
  - course: M.S. in Applied Mathematics and Physics
    institution: Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
    year: 2014
  - course: B.S. in Applied Mathematics and Physics
    institution: Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
    year: 2012

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: "mailto:olga.doronina@colorado.edu"

- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=LAyA19QAAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1

- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/olgadoronina

- icon: researchgate
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Olga_Doronina
  
- icon: address-card
  icon_pack: far
  link: https://olgadoronina.github.io/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: /files/authors_cv/olga_doronina_cv.pdf
  


---
I'm currently working on a data-driven turbulence modeling using an Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) approach. 
I'm really interested in Data Analysis, Bayesian statistics, Machine Learning and how they can be used to 
improve turbulence simulations.   

Before joining TESLa I worked on dynamical mesh adaptation algorithms for unstructured meshes 
(moving meshes) in the Computational Aeroacoustic Laboratory (CAA lab) at the Keldysh Institute of Applied Mathematics (RAS).

I received my B.S. and M.S in Applied Mathematics and Physics from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology 
(MIPT, Phystech). During my thesis research practice in the CAA lab I studied the problem of acoustic scattering 
by an isolated vortex and sound radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex. 

My current research is funded by a NASA grant.

Commit message:

Moved Olga to Alumni and edited personal info

content/authors/olga_doronina/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Olga Doronina

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- olga_doronina

# Role/position
role: Postdoctoral Researcher

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false
# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations:
- name: National Reneable Energy Lab
  url: https://www.nrel.gov/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio:  Working on data-driven turbulence modeling using an Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) approach.

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "olga.doronina@colorado.edu"

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests:
- Turbulence modeling
- Machine learning
- Data analysis
- Statistics

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Alumni

# List qualifications (such as academic degrees)
education:
  courses:
  - course: M.S./Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: University of Colorado, Boulder
    year: 2020
  - course: M.S. in Applied Mathematics and Physics
    institution: Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
    year: 2014
  - course: B.S. in Applied Mathematics and Physics
    institution: Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
    year: 2012

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: "mailto:olga.doronina@colorado.edu"

- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=LAyA19QAAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1

- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-doronina/
  
- icon: address-card
  icon_pack: far
  link: https://olgadoronina.github.io/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  

  


---
In TESla lab I was working on a data-driven turbulence modeling using an Approximate Bayesian Computation (ABC) approach. 
I'm interested in Data Analysis, Bayesian statistics, Machine Learning and how they can be used to 
improve turbulence simulations.   

Before joining TESLa I worked on dynamical mesh adaptation algorithms for unstructured meshes 
(moving meshes) in the Computational Aeroacoustic Laboratory (CAA lab) at the Keldysh Institute of Applied Mathematics (RAS).

I received my B.S. and M.S in Applied Mathematics and Physics from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology 
(MIPT, Phystech). During my thesis research practice in the CAA lab I studied the problem of acoustic scattering 
by an isolated vortex and sound radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex.
