README.md, before:


# Turbulence Energy Systems Laboratory (TESLa) Website

Welcome to the source code of the  [TESLa website](https://teslacu.org) powered by the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) [Academic](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/).

## Quickstart
Running this website locally requires `hugo` to be [installed](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/#quick-install) on your machine.

Assuming `git` and `hugo` installed: 

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:tesla-cu/website.git
$ cd website
$ hugo server
```
Open localhost:1313 and your website should appear.

## Contributing: 
We follow the convention of forking the repository, modifying your source code, then submitting a pull request where other members of the lab can inspect your new content. Check [Configuring your Github account](https://github.com/tesla-cu/website/wiki/Configuring-your-Github-account) wiki page to help you with this procedure.

If you would like to add a new content additional enrichment or help to improve the website design, check out our [Adding new content](https://github.com/tesla-cu/website/wiki/Adding-new-content) and [Modifying the website format](https://github.com/tesla-cu/website/wiki/odifying-the-website-format) pages on the wiki! See [Hugo Academic docs](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/) for a thorough description of all functionality.

Commit message:

update readme with ubuntu issues

README.md, after:


# Turbulence Energy Systems Laboratory (TESLa) Website

Welcome to the source code of the  [TESLa website](https://teslacu.org) powered by the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) [Academic](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/).

## Quickstart
Running this website locally requires `hugo` to be [installed](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/#quick-install) on your machine. The website requires a minimum version so we recommend
```
brew install hugo
```
on macOS or
```
wget https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases/download/v0.58.2/hugo_0.58.2_Linux-64bit.deb
dpkg -i hugo_0.58.2_Linux-64bit.deb
```
on Ubuntu since standard `sudo apt-get` installs a depreciated version.

Once `git` and `hugo` are installed: 
```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:tesla-cu/website.git
$ cd website
$ hugo server
```
Open [http://localhost:1313/](http://localhost:1313/) and your website should appear.

## Contributing: 
We follow the convention of forking the repository, modifying your source code, then submitting a pull request where other members of the lab can inspect your new content. Check [Configuring your Github account](https://github.com/tesla-cu/website/wiki/Configuring-your-Github-account) wiki page to help you with this procedure.

If you would like to add a new content additional enrichment or help to improve the website design, check out our [Adding new content](https://github.com/tesla-cu/website/wiki/Adding-new-content) and [Modifying the website format](https://github.com/tesla-cu/website/wiki/odifying-the-website-format) pages on the wiki! See [Hugo Academic docs](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/) for a thorough description of all functionality.
