content/authors/ryan_darragh/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Ryan Darragh

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- ryan_darragh

# Role/position
role: PhD student

superuser: false
# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of Colorado Boulder
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Ryan graduated from Kenyon College in 2014 with a degree in Physics and Mathematics and a concentration in Scientific Computing. As an undergrad he conducted computational physics research in astrophysics and cosmology. He started his Ph.D. studying reduced order models and then switched to studying turbulence-flame interactions in high-speed combusting flows. Ryan received a National Defense Science & Engineering Graduate Fellowship (NDSEG) in 2016.

interests:
- Turbulence
- Combustion
- Lagrangian analysis
- Dispersion
- Data analysis
- Science Policy

education:
  courses:
  - course: B.A. in Physics and Mathematics
    institution: Kenyon College
    year: 2010

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:ryan.darragh@colorado.edu'
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&authuser=1&user=KI1FZOcAAAAJ
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-darragh/
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
---

Ryan graduated from Kenyon College in 2014 with a degree in Physics and Mathematics and a concentration in Scientific Computing. As an undergrad he conducted computational physics research in astrophysics and cosmology. He started his Ph.D. studying reduced order models and then switched to studying turbulence-flame interactions in high-speed combusting flows. Ryan received a National Defense Science & Engineering Graduate Fellowship (NDSEG) in 2016.

Commit message:

Moved Ryan to Alumni and changed personal info

content/authors/ryan_darragh/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Ryan Darragh

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- ryan_darragh

# Role/position
role: Computational Physicist

superuser: false
# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: JHU/APL
  url: "https://www.jhuapl.edu/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)

interests:
- Turbulence
- Combustion
- Lagrangian analysis
- Dispersion
- Data analysis
- Science Policy

education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. in Aerospace Engineering Sciences
    institution: University of Colorado, Boulder
    year: 2020
  - course: B.A. in Physics and Mathematics
    institution: Kenyon College
    year: 2014

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:ryan.darragh@colorado.edu'
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&authuser=1&user=KI1FZOcAAAAJ
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-darragh/
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Alumni
---

Ryan graduated from the University of Colorado, Boulder in 2020 with a Ph.D. in Aerospace Engineering Sciences. As a member of TESLa he studied the interactions between turbulence and chemistry in highly turbulent flames using Lagrangian analysis.
