content/authors/tyler_souders/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Tyler Souders

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- tyler_souders

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of Colorado Boulder
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: to do

interests:
- Propulsion and Combustion
- Adaptive Mesh Refinement
- Computational Fluid Dynamics

education:
  courses:
  - course: BS in Aerospace Engineering
    institution: Arizona State University
    year: 2020
  - course: MS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: Arizona State University
    year: 2021

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:tyler.souders@colorado.edu'  # For a direct email link...
#- icon: google-scholar
#  icon_pack: ai
#  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?authuser=1&user=Owl_WsQAAAAJ
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/mameehan5
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/authors_cv/tyler_souders_cv.pdf

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
---

Commit message:

Gave Tyler an actual bio instead of placeholder!

content/authors/tyler_souders/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Tyler Souders

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- tyler_souders

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of Colorado Boulder
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Tyler is a first-year graduate student currently working with simulations of premixed combustion with adaptive mesh refinement (AMR). While his M.S. at Arizona State University was primarily focused on aerodynamics, Tyler also worked with optimizing a CFD program - this interest led him to TESLa at the University of Colorado. Tyler is interested both in the flow physics governing the behavior of internal combusion processes, however he takes equal interest in the simulation of such behavior, particularly in the optimization of the controlling numerical methods, extension to large-scale computing, and the usage of AMR to drastically reduce the computational burden of simulations.

interests:
- Propulsion and Combustion
- Adaptive Mesh Refinement
- Computational Fluid Dynamics
- Engineering Education

education:
  courses:
  - course: MS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: Arizona State University
    year: 2021
  - course: BS in Aerospace Engineering
    institution: Arizona State University
    year: 2020
  - course: MS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: Arizona State University
    year: 2021

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:tyler.souders@colorado.edu'  # For a direct email link...
#- icon: google-scholar
#  icon_pack: ai
#  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?authuser=1&user=Owl_WsQAAAAJ
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/mameehan5
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/authors_cv/tyler_souders_cv.pdf

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
---
