content/authors/michael_meehan/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Michael Meehan

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- michael_meehan

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of Colorado Boulder
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Mike is a graduate student using computation fluid dynamics to understand fundamental physics in turbulent combustion problems.

interests:
- Buoyancy-driven flows
- Computational fluid dynamics
- Adaptive mesh refinement
- Modal decompositions

education:
  courses:
  - course: BS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: The Pennsylvania State University
    year: 2017

  - course: MS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: University of Colorado
    year: 2020

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:michael.a.meehan@colorado.edu'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:mime5507@colorado.edu".
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?authuser=1&user=Owl_WsQAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/mameehan5
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: author/michael-meehan/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "michael.a.meehan@colorado.edu"

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
---
Mike’s research focuses on two main area: highly buoyancy driven flows with applications to industrial burners and large scale fires, and highly turbulent interacting flame configurations with applications to Air Force relevant problems. In both situations, adaptive mesh refinement (AMR) can be used to help reduce computational cost when dealing with the large separation of temporal and spatial scales. A number of advanced analysis techniques using [yt](https://yt-project.org/) to statistically investigate moments, fluxes, kinetic energy, and enstrophy. Additionally, Mike uses modal decompositions, such as proper orthogonal decomposition (POD) and dynamic mode decomposition (DMD), to investigate unsteady dynamics and large-scale structures. Mike was funded by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under Grant No. DGE 1650115.

Commit message:

add expected graduation (test for SSW)

content/authors/michael_meehan/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Michael Meehan

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- michael_meehan

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of Colorado Boulder
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Mike is a graduate student using computation fluid dynamics to understand fundamental physics in turbulent combustion problems.

interests:
- Buoyancy-driven flows
- Computational fluid dynamics
- Adaptive mesh refinement
- Modal decompositions

education:
  courses:
  - course: BS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: The Pennsylvania State University
    year: 2017

  - course: MS in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: University of Colorado
    year: 2020

  - course: PhD in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: University of Colorado
    year: 2022 (expected)

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:michael.a.meehan@colorado.edu'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:mime5507@colorado.edu".
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?authuser=1&user=Owl_WsQAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/mameehan5
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: author/michael-meehan/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "michael.a.meehan@colorado.edu"

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
---
Mike’s research focuses on two main area: highly buoyancy driven flows with applications to industrial burners and large scale fires, and highly turbulent interacting flame configurations with applications to Air Force relevant problems. In both situations, adaptive mesh refinement (AMR) can be used to help reduce computational cost when dealing with the large separation of temporal and spatial scales. A number of advanced analysis techniques using [yt](https://yt-project.org/) to statistically investigate moments, fluxes, kinetic energy, and enstrophy. Additionally, Mike uses modal decompositions, such as proper orthogonal decomposition (POD) and dynamic mode decomposition (DMD), to investigate unsteady dynamics and large-scale structures. Mike was funded by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under Grant No. DGE 1650115.
